README.md, before:

# Tracery.app

[![Linux Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app)
[![Windows build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app?svg=true)

This is a simple desktop editor/IDE for [Tracery](https://github.com/galaxykate/tracery).

![The app](screenshot.png)

As you edit your Tracery grammar on the left, it'll live-reload new example texts on the right. 

# Download It!

To download the latest release, go to the [GitHub Releases Tab](https://github.com/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app/releases) in this repo. Right now, Tracery.app is only available for macOS.

Windows and Linux builds are coming very soon. In the meanmwhile, Windows/Linux users can follow the development setup instructions below to build your own copy of the app.

# Current Status

It's very early prerelease! Please open issues or tweet at me (https://twitter.com/lazerwalker) if you encounter any issues. I'm particularly interested in feedback about Windows or Linux builds, as I've only really tested on macOS.

Some features include:

* File saving/loading (wow!)
* Automatically generate new text phrases when you save or press Cmd/Ctrl+R
* Automatic JSON formatting on save/refresh (automatic indentation, standardizing on double-quotes, removing trailing commas, etc)
* HTML rendering, if your Tracery grammar generates HTML
* Persistence of generated examples if you click the 'lock' icon over any individual generated text 
* Clipboard copy for any individual generated text, or all generated examples
* Selection for which root node examples are generated from


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! 

Tracery.app is built using [Electron](http://github.com/electron/electron), which means it's a JavaScript webapp bundled up within a native shell. Specifically, it's built using TypeScript and React, with [Electron Forge](http://electronforge.io) to manage the build process.

Yes, Electron apps are relatively unperformant compared to building proper native apps. Have that discussion elsewhere :)

To get a dev environment up and running:

1. Clone this repo
2. Yarn install
3. `electron-forge start` will spin up a dev copy of the app with an inspector attached.
4. `electron-forge make` will compile you a full generated app binary for your current platform.

For more info on dev tooling, check out the [Electron Forge documentation](http://electronforge.io)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file in this repo for more information.


## Contact Info

https://github.com/lazerwalker
https://twitter.com/lazerwalker

Commit message:

Add README note about macOS codesigning/notarization

README.md, after:

# Tracery.app

[![Linux Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app)
[![Windows build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app?svg=true)

This is a simple desktop editor/IDE for [Tracery](https://github.com/galaxykate/tracery).

![The app](screenshot.png)

As you edit your Tracery grammar on the left, it'll live-reload new example texts on the right. 

# Download It!

To download the latest release, go to the [GitHub Releases Tab](https://github.com/lazerwalker/tracery-dot-app/releases) in this repo. Right now, Tracery.app is only available for macOS.

Windows and Linux builds are coming very soon. In the meanmwhile, Windows/Linux users can follow the development setup instructions below to build your own copy of the app.

# Current Status

It's very early prerelease! Please open issues or tweet at me (https://twitter.com/lazerwalker) if you encounter any issues. I'm particularly interested in feedback about Windows or Linux builds, as I've only really tested on macOS.

Some features include:

* File saving/loading (wow!)
* Automatically generate new text phrases when you save or press Cmd/Ctrl+R
* Automatic JSON formatting on save/refresh (automatic indentation, standardizing on double-quotes, removing trailing commas, etc)
* HTML rendering, if your Tracery grammar generates HTML
* Persistence of generated examples if you click the 'lock' icon over any individual generated text 
* Clipboard copy for any individual generated text, or all generated examples
* Selection for which root node examples are generated from


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! 

Tracery.app is built using [Electron](http://github.com/electron/electron), which means it's a JavaScript webapp bundled up within a native shell. Specifically, it's built using TypeScript and React, with [Electron Forge](http://electronforge.io) to manage the build process.

Yes, Electron apps are relatively unperformant compared to building proper native apps. Have that discussion elsewhere :)

To get a dev environment up and running:

1. Clone this repo
2. Yarn install
3. `electron-forge start` will spin up a dev copy of the app with an inspector attached.
4. `electron-forge make` will compile you a full generated app binary for your current platform. If you're on a Mac, you'll either need to set up codesigning and notarization (documentation coming soon) or disable both of those by going into `package.json` and removing the `osxSign` and `osxNotarize` keys/objects from the `config -> forge -> electronPackagerConfig` subobject.

For more info on dev tooling, check out the [Electron Forge documentation](http://electronforge.io)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file in this repo for more information.


## Contact Info

https://github.com/lazerwalker
https://twitter.com/lazerwalker
